we have here and it's that the bun has
spoken
[Music]
man good afternoon no time
but well it's that I'm getting
hooked on YouTube I mean it's
you who was in the chat
okay okay okay what's going on he doesn't want to
know anything about the poor things
but quite the opposite but yes yes as a result
of seeing the live that you did the other
day fantastic what happened to my daughter with
Rafael and Carlos these two fathers
Ángel and well these two fathers courage the
truth is that
also in a context in which I have
more time for myself I'm becoming a
fan of YouTube I don't know if that's
good or bad Javier as long as we
watch it as long as it's to leave the
TV to watch and I'm here great
well I don't know what to tell you I'm telling you there is no
whole live but I've
been following it for half an hour and I'll
summarize it for you in a sentence from a headline
the only intelligent position is your
skepticism nice is
that life teaches me it was done before
before it was more innocent since
surely I will make mistakes in things
because I can't know everything
maybe I'm saying here that I believe that
someone  has charged has not charged that
only the part knows understands me
then yes but I am always ethical I am
and malpensa also Francisco
well it is nothing thing it is not a last
last well it depends with who no
but in the end I think they are
all trying Javier that is why I say that your
skepticism is the only
intelligent position these people I am not referring
to only the Mohedano are
imperfection to the juries
I am referring fundamentally to Telecinco
to the TV factory
these people have put us all in a
cartel that does not know how to say in which it
is either white or it is black they are
not and the library is not eliminated
so that we cannot verify things
you are doing an
enormous job as far as you can of course
why because there are many things that are
deleted they are eliminated but
we will look for more
but I think but Javier but when what we already
know
is enough to affirm without
any kind of doubt that it is neither white
nor black nor is this one right Liga
has the other one is nor this one telling the
complete truth nor the other one either nor this one
this environment and we
tell the truth but this is a
tangle in  what they've screwed us over and what they've
screwed us over well and of the first
part of the documentary I did see this
second part only in bits not like what they're telling
me but really
this is the never-ending story of
a huge business the next if it is a
business I remember months ago when
people said they're not going to broadcast the second
part of the documentary well I've always
said that yes I was going to broadcast it later
when they started broadcasting the ones a
month and a half later people said this is a
failure they're not going to dare admit it to
open broadcast well when I went last night
they announced that in September it will start
broadcasting to open broadcast but if you I know that
you will have realized why they
announced it yesterday the 28th not
totally totally
where and where they announced it no
where they announced it the light was for
rescue they didn't do it in
survivors it was Jorge Vázquez to come out he
announced it at eleven thirty
at night wearing a dress with a suit
well truly with what you can't go out
on the street colored the color of the
color of fuchsia
the images not because of the color because those
horrible ones appeared  in Tbilisi if the
color pink and then also
look for an image look for an image for
we want the drawings of the suit is that
everything had a message if that does not give me
realization that it was to look for it
Javier is a day awake good dirty
awake look for what was searched because it is that
absolutely everything had a message
then we are in one we are all
locked in a kind of loop
people fighting asked but well
but but swordsman and the networks
refers to the flowers
yes
without religions of course you have to that he
has his things his suit of course it
is a suit made for Don Javier
yes of course those of us who know a little about
how production works on
television of course and you know him I have been here
10 years 11 11 years not even the color
the print are casual of course nothing
nothing is a coincidence it is that man who loves the
suit that suit is chosen for the
final of the survivor
with everything that entails the final of the
survivor that could be a stand-up
or an appearance of Olga the same day in
which he already knows what time to go of
course
in the end simply give the news that
Alejandro had won and such but he is not
going to notice us in those details
well but now it coincides but  of
course pink and flowers what more do you want
and a shirt that said no [ __ ]
would have been the finished thing, it's not missing that he
dropped his pants and that Joaquin
since yesterday to the ass ah well well maybe I haven't
done it because I wouldn't be
there the teacher wasn't going I don't
think so but let's say it's the
last thing it would have been the pretty one that
Joaquin Joaquin would have appeared
there and would have shown his ass
and Javier would have dropped his
pants and would have said Joaquin let's
see what my ass says
today they had sent me one
sending a photo a photo what they
sent a frame and just for you
only Javier that was just for me
but I would like to find the video of that does that
exist
yes yes it is by them or 12 years ago on
sálvame deluxe well I'm going to look for
what was commented another day you know
yes yes but but not for you only
to reaffirm what you were saying
because as you know I have
a
long-standing affection for that person and she is also very special and I believe
that of all this that we are living through
with her mistakes like we all make is
the only person who is that saves at
least is saved in the part of
defending the truth does not mean that we are
referring to
Javier I say it let's
see is that I agree with you
because at the moment of all the analysis
that I have done
the person of that side to call it from
some side this I I I do not consider
that there is a side here Francisco one day I
can have an argument with you and
you are right and I know stubborn
and the next day, the next week
we can have another debate in which I am right
but you understand me or I mean I
consider Carlin substance and that he
watches individually but within what
the bread what the people are doing who
as you have just emphasized that
people are like divided or you are
from this side is worth the other not within
those of this side of the family that to the
person who is more coherent bug and who
has not bucked his
principle neither for money nor for anything and
Rosario Mohedano
totally I repeat that Rosario may have
made mistakes and I am not a
Taliban defense of Rosario and I
am not in other things because I also
told us  no but right now I can't think of
anything against her
from the WTA but as a burger people
have reproached her for many things but
what I can assure you is that she
has never lied at least not to me at
least not to me
in her relationships with people but I have
never lied to my daughter and then a
person who keeps her word to the
end who is capable of being 11 years and is
some dish not even to present
look I'm going to tell you something
that nobody knows
now you're going to see it everyone but
well do
you remember the let yourself be loved by Rosario de
llamarado ronda Rosa Benito and Amador yes of
course we are going to dimension it
like three weeks ago more or less you
know who was invited on that program to
go and sing and I don't
yes
and knowing the answer does
not appear
well well you already know the answer but
why because those lumps of us
show up some lumps I
don't know who it is but but in the end as they
already have the consideration that every
time it is a Telecinco set do not
the only thing they try to do is take it to the
field of  all this crap,
all this is brought down for something, some
questions are
clear, but not even with cachet,
not about money, much less to
the rosary after two and a half years
of pandemic and after eleven years without
stepping on a television set and after
seeing how they go to their gigs scared
with bills so that they can suck it up, but of
course at the same time he has to see how
his father arrives to record the program and
grants him a 10-minute interview for
free on the bird, no less than here that
the old
[Music]